DOCPLAN-164: ocp virt storage docs 02 (#110351)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-enabling-preallocation-for-dv.adoc

metadata:
  name: preallocated-datavolume
spec:
  source:
    registry:
      url: <image_url>
  storage:
    resources:
      requests:
        storage: 1Gi
  preallocation: true
# ...
----
+

> spec.source.registry.url:: Specify the URL of the data source in your registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
where:
+
spec.source.registry.url:: Specifies the URL of the data source in your registry.
```

(in addition to using "where:", the rule is to use "Specifies" when you're doing the definition list format)

Author: fixed everywhere i could find it needed fixing
